Spencer Hagar and well we were talking
about as mr. plg two spots on the
tighter side okay go hack and stuff slm
check sir the hacker but yeah Chris
Chris interesting yeah no um relatively
recently there's been a whole lot of
good Chris play hitting man in it yeah
you check it out 59.com if you search
for Chris and you feeling good anyway
Felicia Felicia on point for a check sir
this is a whole bunch of point cases
every night really used to seeing Chris
was one of the first character that lost
two in a fun event through this game and
I was like yeah I need to reevaluate my
team I lost the crisp and Captain
America at that point of it I was like
I'm pretty bad at this does the first
order but you want to that was win a
brawl that was like the second
tournament oh man this hurts so much i
will discuss that's okay when I was like
well they found a way to combat a level
three with ya nice does that work
miscreants you have cut david i have e
to work 15 i have our home okay alright
so both these gun shows very interesting
foreign characters and have like you
know top terraces federalist corset r on
the bed respectively and a Wolverine
fight with X Factor and bazooka charge
right now probably the best character in
the game in this situation Oh each of
ionic arm
the DHD instead of exactly the killer
character I'm surprised at that choice I
could come back on right info if check
sir is willing to blow an X Factor and
preserve a charge on Wolverine but you
should just kill him as soon as possible
in my opinion now he's like this way
right buddy down to strayloe too fast to
finish the combo X doctors be holding
both players taking their sweet time
dollars they're taking advantage of this
healing he's getting a Wolverine piggy
one is a nigga you wanted to regain some
composure of here juicebox monetary gain
calm composure I'm dropping to Cabo Oh
interesting all right who's next all
right all old man picks up through the
First Circuit splash stays on the same
side as quit expected to go behind
Wolverine that's that meta game for the
Wolverine at this point you know he can
teleport that's just one of the power we
can just run for you maybe he was
running really fast and you just can't
see him because he's a Wolverine man
this is why Tron is such a great such
great assist character because not only
is our system all obviously awesome but
by the time she's on point and she's got
enough fetus she says ridiculous dead
yeah she's really scary with meters and
she keep her in the back and you can
isolate to a one-on-one fight and that
takes it down to just a one touch kill
yep she
really she's really lacked alone without
a fist or on teams of assists but in the
one-on-one fight she can hold her own
verse most catchers in the game back
that's huge air dash H it's just tough
to deal with and at this point juice
clocks realized same thing that we just
realized and his snapping on in yeah
really good way to destroy a Texas team
chemistry for scripted brought a get
attempt at last well she spots an
intelligent player he really like to
think about the game obviously right the
vlog on gog.com yeah totally yeah yeah
borderland gaming so it's no surprise
that he's executing strategic maneuvers
like that so I'm just going wildly like
a lot of players would you know get the
grab bag doesn't off the ground I like
it uses Spencer sister pick up up nice
well let's kill him or three hits okay
this will kill another not all the last
night I thought it was eight Wow
Wolverines the disease of the game right
now except for jewellery I do not agree
with that right save it for after a
bionic arm cast right yeah if you got
that right just been yeah
oh my gosh what an unfortunate break for
a juice box King cocoa and is still out
there helping them out helping out shake
John even without X Factor cometic God
to eat a food pretty second once in a
while go husband preserve guitars most
of it g chat box on the arm it's just
such a great way to halt any kind of
pressure juice box though with no meat
especially can't let another one rip the
thing is check sir has no assists on his
office is very limited now he's got a
level 3 x factor though he can convert
any of these hip in the death house was
really bad times X Factor because he was
he was forced to block the drones
regardless yeah exactly yeah see a track
bucks he's he's pumping his arms you
know he's he's naked emotions but in
this game it's a little too fast you
can't act everything out maybe I think
he could do the Bionic maneuvers
cutscene super oh yeah yeah that's true
yeah back in kc glitch really quickly
hahaha the team is built for it alright
so oh we gotta we gotta team is this
team Justin oh no no Justin usually has
cooled by the back yes point yeah then
she hung Kroll perrine situation it's
really nice you don't next up with the
pressure Amaterasu char oh oh really
yeah I just recording school okay he's
becoming she won't bring this outside oh
I know it's really the writings I like
that
good stuff when you get the command
graft about it's the busy and they just
brought a chlorine and killer it's so
ugly yeah I think that the first hit of
that actually doesn't scale for some
weird renewable three reason because the
character that did the fet hit the throw
yeah you tagged out yeah so your new
characters or the damage scale oh my
goodness that's crazy some some
weirdness about that so just open him up
in the corner Oh trying to look for that
yeah that was rad all right he's doing
it a little bit too early as a juice box
is still not block that's why I'm here
we go pick him up with a slide grace is
dead
this character switch for South Texas
man all so far juice box hasn't actually
been able to make too much hassle with a
dress and either game so far yeah yeah
baby those level three combos but he
hasn't really been getting any too many
clean hit good you smell good real life
react without watching exhibit he did
you the heart motion and reacted very
quickly when he's all into this he just
wants to get Spencer house I'm not back
from sailrite it worked out for me well
I was really really fallen to Montague
right there but he knew better point it
would be blocking because there is some
delays on the activation of the second
charge and he's missed out the tick ram
caught up the jump back falling heavy
attacks and then uh and that's that's
the advanced playing this game like that
countering a trap set up some stuff like
that yeah it's risky to jump back yeah
to counter a referral in this game
because you will get hit whoa yep and
stay on the ground and eat the full
combo rather than just catching that
yeah yeah you don't get the flip out
yeah if you'd stay on the ground with
sharks yeah it really does suck to be on
their feet again nice there it is it
does the fake that you go for another
bionic arm get the full combo and juice
what's gonna take this tap it right back
in the form juice box fashion armed with
a good combo Spencer you know this is my
first time watching juice box I'll play
this game and it's good to see him you
know bring him that intelligence yeah
yeah he's really good adaptation and
really good decision-making reduce box
you know for a player like him you
wouldn't necessarily expect him to be
any good at marvel vs capcom 3 because
he doesn't come from any vs game
background only know him for street
fighter four able yeah right right right
and it's able you don't have yeah well
don't rush down oriented but it's not
like it's not investable you know it's
not see vipers right stuff exactly
blending a juice box continues in
winners and checks area central losers